Set the id of an Element

In addition to classes, each HTML element can also have an id attribute.

There are several benefits to using id attributes: You can use an id to style a single element 
and later you'll learn that you can use them to select and modify specific elements with JavaScript.

id attributes should be unique. Browsers won't enforce this, but it is a widely agreed upon best practice. 
So please don't give more than one element the same id attribute.

Here's an example of how you give your h2 element the id of cat-photo-app:

<h2 id="cat-photo-app">

Import google fonts
<link href="https://fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Lobster" rel="stylesheet" type="text/css">

:root {
  --penguin-belly: pink;
}

background: var(--penguin-skin);
background: var(--penguin-skin, black);

text-align: justify;
text-align: center;
text-align: right;
text-align: left;

You can specify the width of an element using the width property in CSS. 
You can specify the height of an element using the height property in CSS.

rgba: The RGB values can range from 0 to 255. The alpha value can range from 1, 
which is fully opaque or a solid color, to 0, which is fully transparent or clear. 
rgba() is great to use in this case, as it allows you to adjust the opacity. 
This means you don't have to completely block out the background.

background-color: rgba(45, 45, 45, 0.1);

The box-shadow property applies one or more shadows to an element.

The box-shadow property takes values for

offset-x (how far to push the shadow horizontally from the element),
offset-y (how far to push the shadow vertically from the element),
blur-radius,
spread-radius and
color, in that order.
The blur-radius and spread-radius values are optional.

Multiple box-shadows can be created by using commas to separate properties of each box-shadow element.

Here's an example of the CSS to create multiple shadows with some blur, at mostly-transparent black colors:
box-shadow: 0 10px 20px rgba(0,0,0,0.19), 0 6px 6px rgba(0,0,0,0.23);
box-shadow: -15px 15px 15px;

line-height property to change the height of each line in a block of text. As the name suggests, 
it changes the amount of vertical space that each line of text gets.

position relative: top, bottom, right, left
top: 10px // Push elements 10px downg

position absolute: You can move the sun as you want but it will be part of the parent, 
if you change parent's position, both will move. It's like merging two photos into one

position fixed: Elements will always remain in their position, they won´t scroll if the user does it.

Colors have several characteristics including hue, saturation, and lightness. CSS3 introduced the hsl() property as an alternative way to pick a color by directly stating these characteristics.

Hue is what people generally think of as 'color'. If you picture a spectrum of colors starting with red on the left, moving through green in the middle, and blue on right, the hue is where a color fits along this line. In hsl(), hue uses a color wheel concept instead of the spectrum, where the angle of the color on the circle is given as a value between 0 and 360.

Saturation is the amount of gray in a color. A fully saturated color has no gray in it, and a minimally saturated color is almost completely gray. This is given as a percentage with 100% being fully saturated.

Lightness is the amount of white or black in a color. A percentage is given ranging from 0% (black) to 100% (white), where 50% is the normal color.